Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
How are you? Are you good?
Dylan. These girls with me.
Have a great night. Enjoy.
How are you?
Evening. boss.
- All good?
- Crushing the numbers so far.
The vibe is sky high
and these new girls
are fitting right in.
- Fantastic.
- Living the dream.
- You be good boy tonight.
- Yeah!
Okay.
- Thanks. Manco!
- Thanks!
- You good?
- Yeah. so good. What a vibe!
You have got the place jump.
You're very good.
I am Manco Kapak.
I am from Albania.
but I have been in
United States for a long time.
20 years. more.
I have Green Card.
Medicare. health insurance.
Platinum Plus. no problem.
My job has long hours.
I run a nightclub.
It was a strip club
when I first took over.
but times change
and if you want to be
successful. you change too.
- Hello.
- Hi.
Zen. Sunny. how are you?
- Hey.
- Hello.
How we go? All good?
Table seven's
into us for 16 grand.
We put a hold on the card.
but when we put in
the increase. it got declined.
Get Spence on it.
I didn't know I would
end up in working nightclubs.
My life was very different
growing up.
Now I am the man
who provides a place
for people to celebrate.
to forget. to fall in love.
It's a good job.
but long hours. like I say.
Some stress with staff
and stock and money.
but not too much.
I try to sleep and exercise.
I swim.
I get sunshine when I can.
Huh.
Ah...
Ah!
Ooh...
Okay. baby.
Oh. baby!
You okay?
Baby?
So what else do I need to say
to you so you let me go home?
You have suffered
a cardiac incident.
which could be a precursor
to something far more serious.
I mean. you can consider
yourself quite lucky.
It says here that you don't use
drugs or alcohol in excess.
- Is that correct?
- Uh-huh.
- Are you a smoker?
- No. No.
I have the Cuban cigars.
but that does not count
as being smoker.
Well... it does. actually.
- It does?
- And. um. how's your diet?
I eat when I'm hungry.
What do you do?
Did you ingest anything
prior to the event?
No. No.
Why... why you ask me this?
Well. because your
blood work shows
elevated levels of sildenafil.
It's more commonly known
as Viagra.
Oh. yeah. I take Viagra.
I took. um...
I took two.
Why would you take two?
Why?
I was tired.
Is there something
you can write for me now.
prescription or something
I can take to make sure
this doesn't happen again?
Um...
yeah.
I can write you a prescription.
But it's not gonna solve it.
You will end up here again.
So I hope what I'm about
to say resonates.
The way you live your life
is unsustainable.
And if you don't make some
very serious adjustments
to everything. well...
She said that? You will die?
She said to me that I have
too much stress. I don't know.
Maybe it's time for a vacation.
A little sand. a little sun.
- Maybe we buy a little place.
- Buy?
In Thailand.
Somewhere tourists
don't know about.
This sounds more than
a vacation to me.
Yeah. it does. doesn't it?
You would do this?
You would leave California?
What kind of question's that?
Well. maybe not too far from now
you will become embarrassed
that you're with an old man.
Well. then I'll...
take a young. exotic lover.
Okay.
If I'm going to do this.
if we are going to do this...
I have to make some
very careful steps.
Look at this.
Hey. you motherfucker!
She let you in. now you go!
- You go. you fucking bitch!
- Shh! Shh!
- What?
- Stop.
- You let her in!
- Oh. God. He didn't...
Sorry!
Ooh! Uh...
Good morning. boss.
I spoke to Joe Carver.
Everything's set
for you to meet today.
Good. good. good.
Do we have fruit?
Fruit?
Peaches. pear. pineapple.
guava. mango...
Fruit. We have fruit?
Since you do most
of your meals at the club.
we... we just have breakfast.
Fruit is breakfast.
Eh. don't worry.
I will get something
when I'm out.
I try to stay healthy now. yeah?
Gëzuar.
So... so this is real?
You're actually
considering selling?
Yeah.
I don't want to make
song for dance of this.
- Yeah.
- Hey?
Carver was surprised I called.
What do you mean. surprised?
He just didn't expect it.
uh. since you
turned him down before.
Before. timing was not good.
Now...
timing is better.
Can I ask why?
Spence.
You have been loyal friend.
Continue to do this
and you will be looked after.
This is my promise to you.
Okay?
Good day.
Good day for haircut. Ha-ha!
Everyone else in this city
wants to meet at
the Polo Lounge.
This guy wants to meet
at the statue
of a dead bear at the zoo.
I do not believe he is dead.
Sorry. buddy.
It says right there.
"Rest in power. Marshall."
I think is fairy tale
for the children.
He was very popular.
These bears. they used to
rule California like kings.
Then the Gold Rush and men come.
And now you have to go
to a zoo to see this king.
How are you. Joe?
How have you been?
Fuckin' great. man.
Fuckin' great.
72 and sunny all the time.
Beautiful girls everywhere.
Should have come out
here years ago.
You and I.
we are both immigrants.
You from New Jersey.
me from Albania.
Same thing.
Oh. you turn the world
on its side. shake it.
all the loose bits
land in California.
Albania was communism.
For me. this is land of dreams.
Just clarify something
for me. will you?
You didn't want to sell me
the club and now you do.
What's changed?
Nothing has changed.
Maybe I want to sell.
maybe I don't.
If we're gonna do this.
you gotta stop with
the bullshit. all right?
I need to see real numbers.
no fairy tale.
My friend. if you meet my price.
I will show you everything.
I'll need to talk
to a few people.
then I'll get back to you
with an offer.
This sounds good to me.
Baby.
Hey.
Look at this.
What you think?
We talked about a small place.
getting away from it all. remember?
I am just looking at options.
Well. I take it
the meeting went well?
I think the meeting went
very well. I am confident.
You look so beautiful tonight.
Thank you.
Oh. she's here.
Okay.
When are you gonna
tell Rodriguez
you can't clean
his money anymore?
I will tell Rodriguez when
I have something to tell.
It is a process. okay?
I just need to sell
the club first. baby.
Come in.
Irena!
You have something for me?
Okay.
Thank you. Are you good?
Yeah.
Been out having fun
with your friends.
going to parties. huh?
Are you gonna count that or...
Of course we're going
to count. Of course.
I'm just wondering
because you're
a beautiful young girl.
You should have a boyfriend.
But you have no boyfriend.
but you have a dog.
I like dogs very much.
We don't have dog.
He has name?
- Rupert.
- Rupert?
That's human name.
I think dogs should
have name for dog.
"Chief".
Something like this. you know?
- We're good.
- We're good?
Okay. so... Okay. thank you.
Say hello to your cousin Miguel.
Rodriguez is not my cousin.
Okay.
Get something to eat. my friend.
Don't fuckin' move. okay?
Give me the bag.
Are you sure
you want to do this?
Come on. Do it.
I can hear in your voice
you're not sure
you want to do this.
Do not make me
blow your brains out. man!
You can just walk away.
You walk away.
this will be between us.
- Come on. Give it to me!
- No. no. no.
- If I put this down...
- Let go!
Then I will have
to go to my car...
- Give it to me! Come on!
- And you won't... Fuck!
I'm sorry!
Yo. you gotta stop leaving
your gun in the glove box. man.
Oh. so like a...
like a...
a shoot-out is better?
He has a gun for exactly
this type of situation.
- It's called self-defense.
- Okay. Mm.
- Yeah? You heard of it?
- Okay.
This guy came up behind him
with a weapon.
You pick up that detail?
You need to file
a police report.
Whoa. Police? No. no.
It's a bank.
There's cameras everywhere.
Cops are coming either way.
We don't want them
asking why we didn't call.
Manco. the cartel will check
that account for that deposit.
You don't fuck with
their cash flow.
They will put you
in a box full of scorpions
in the desert
and you're still breathing...
Please!
Stop talking.
Today I will make the deposit
myself from my own money.
Our friends will never know
it was missing.
Call the police.
- It's a really beautiful home.
- Hmm.
- It is a rental.
- Huh.
Your artwork in there. it must
be pretty expensive. right?
Came with the house.
That must be nice.
So 75.000 in cash. right?
Yes. I told you on the phone.
That is how
the business works. cash.
Can't even imagine.
Okay. any developments.
we'll call you.
If you get any information.
you call us. all right?
That's it.
What?
So you got a guy on camera
waving a gun around
and... that's it?
Yeah. we got a guy on camera
waving a gun around.
wearing a mask.
So we got nothin'.
Right.
You want
my professional opinion?
Please.
Despite the news. LA is
actually safer than ever.
I mean. random crimes
like these do happen.
But the important thing
is to not let this stop you
from living your life.
Okay?
Thank you. Detective Slosser.
I'll show you out.
Thank you.
Hmph.
Fuck!
Hey. look. I'm at work.
I don't fucking care.
Did everything
go according to plan?
Yes. yes. yes.
Everything is good
on my side of things.
Good.
Bring it to me now.
No. no.
That's not possible. okay?
I have office hours.
I can just call you
when I get...
Shut up. I don't want excuses.
Paradise Cove in an hour.
Okay. okay. fine.
Yes. I will...
Fuck.
Hey.
Do you like brunch?
What?
I'm thinking blueberry pancakes.
fresh squeezed orange juice...
What's your name again?
Joe!
Stop looking at me
like that. Joe.
Just relax.
All right. Okay.
Just. uh. when we were
making love last night. uh...
I definitely felt a connection.
- Love?
- Yeah.
I took too much molly and
I fucked you in my elevator.
And on the floor.
And then we talked about. uh.
hanging out again tonight.
Don't you remember?
I have plans.
All right. okay.
I'll slow down.
I'm just. uh...
I'm just a bit confused
because last night
you wanted to get to know me.
me get to know your friends.
meet your family...
Is that your father over there?
Okay. you need to go.
- What?
- Yeah.
No. no. we danced together.
You said you never danced
like that before. Come on!
Whatever I said last night.
I'm not looking
for a relationship.
Yeah. I know. but come on.
Get out of my house. dude.
Dude. you're. like. 50.
I'm not 50. all right?
Hey. I'll call you later?
All right.
Hey.
Okay. have a great day.
- Yes. goodbye.
- Thank you. Bye.
Next!
Next guest. please.
Hello. How may I help you?
Uh. yeah. just. uh...
a deposit.
Do I need to give you
anything else?
$9.999?
Yeah?
That's a pretty specific number.
I mean. so?
I mean. there's
nothing wrong with that.
Okay. Yeah.
Yeah.
Exactly $9.999.
Beautiful.
Is everything... okay?
Oh! Here it is.
Thank you so much.
Have a lovely day.
Thank you.
Next guest. please.
- Um...
- Next guest. please.
Hello. How can I help you?
- This is it?
- Yeah. that's it.
Are we done here?
What? It was a good essay.
Do you watch the news?
People go to jail
for college admission fraud.
Look. your son got accepted.
I can't help if
the scholarship didn't work.
They didn't give us a dime
and my son is about to
jump off a fucking bridge.
thinking he has to go
to community college.
I work at a community college.
Don't fuck with me.
If you would have
written a better essay
like I paid you to.
we wouldn't be
in this situation.
You understand?
Okay.
Now. am I done now?
No. you're not done
until I say so.
I want you to hit him again.
What?
No. no. no. no.
I can't keep doing this.
You need to do exactly as I say
and I say that you need
to hit that mark again.
But that's not fair.
There's no such thing as fair.
Arggh!
- Hello.
- Hey. buddy!
Get on the table.
We'll get you a girl.
No. no. no.
I do not want a massage.
Why do we meet here?
Well. you wanted a quick offer.
I had to fit you
into my schedule.
You know how hard it is
to get an appointment here?
This is great. man.
We make a deal. we celebrate.
and afterwards you can get
your asshole bleached.
You don't bleach Albanian
asshole. I tell you this.
Do you have offer for me?
Yeah. yeah.
It's on the table there.
That's what I can get you
right now in cash...
unless there's anything else
you can show me.
This is joke?
No.
It's an offer based on
the information I have.
Listen. if there's
something I'm missing.
you just let me know. man.
The offer can change.
If you cannot meet my price.
do not waste my time.
Hello?
He said cash. yeah?
Do you know how far that would
go in a place like Thailand?
It's more than we need.
Baby. you are always
going to need
more than you think. okay?
We need him to pay the value.
That's all.
Just pay the fucking value!
It's not all about money.
It's about getting out of here
while you're still healthy.
- I will find another buyer.
- That could take months.
You know how to negotiate.
Just get this done.
♪ They say pressure
makes diamonds ♪
♪ So I'm shining bright.
turning every shadow... ♪
♪ Yeah. I'm a force.
you can feel it in the air ♪
♪ Breakin' every ceiling
like it's not even there ♪
♪ I know what I got.
I got ♪
♪ I do what I want.
I want ♪
♪ The number-one spot... ♪
Hey. honey. what you up to?
My cheer comp is on Saturday.
I'm practicing for it.
- Looks fun.
- Want to see me do some flips?
Uh. I can't right now.
Maybe. uh... maybe later.
Where's Mom?
- Mom's inside painting.
- Okay.
Be careful!
- Hey.
How was your day?
Oh. you know me. Keeping
bad guys off the street.
- Mm-hm?
- Mmm.
- Paperwork?
- Yeah. it never ends.
- Hey.
Are you hungry?
I'm good.
How's he doing?
Not great.
You had him believing
it would all work out.
- You promised him...
- I know. I know.
Nick?
Hey.
Hey. come on.
I know you're disappointed.
but you still got into
a great school. okay?
- That counts for something.
- Not if I can't afford to go.
I'm... I'm working on it.
- You said it was a sure thing.
- Well. I thought it was.
Now I'm trying to figure
something else out.
But... but that's how. uh...
that's how life works sometimes.
If you want something.
you can't give up
until you make it happen. right?
You gotta trust me.
I'm working on this.
Okay.
I love you.
Ooh! Thank you.
Wow.
Are you sure
I can't get you anything?
Uh. no. Thank you.
Are you sure?
This place is amazing.
- What do you want?
- Mmm!
Want a bite?
Just... tell me what you want.
You're gonna get caught.
- Excuse me?
- Oh. come on.
Your account
never receives deposits
outside of
your monthly paychecks.
You've never held a balance
over $4.000.
You never deal in cash.
And then you come in
with a bag of bills $1 under
the amount that you think
needs to be reported
to the Federal Government?
Wow.
I mean. a teller
on their first day on the job
would flag that.
Look. I have done my research.
Only deposits made over
$10.000 can be reported.
That's not research.
That's just something
that you saw in a movie.
Okay. just...
How much do you want?
Hmm?
- I want in.
- What?
I... want... in.
I've worked at this bank for
six and a half years. waiting.
And then all of a sudden.
you come in
and you're obviously
into something big.
Mm. just...
- It's a sign.
- No. it is not a sign. okay?
It is not a sign.
It's the 50-year storm.
I don't know what that means.
Point Break?
It's the reason that I decided
to work at the bank
in the first place.
- The movie about bank robbers?
- Mm-hmm.
27 banks in three years.
In and out in 90 seconds.
Nobody ever gets shot.
So you're quoting
Point Break now?
Mm!
Can you imagine just being
part of something so exciting?
I mean. it... it makes me wet
just thinking about it.
Okay. Jesus Christ. Just...
Oh...
So?
What do you say. Johnny Utah?
Hmm?
You ready for a partner?
Oh. my God.
You are so intense.
You know what?
Actually. uh. no.
No. I don't want a partner.
And I think you're missing
the entire point of
that movie. by the way.
Okay.
Then I'll just flag your deposit
and you can deal with the Feds.
No. no. no. no. no. no.
Please. okay? Listen to me.
This is much more complicated
than you think.
Mm. mm. okay.
I don't think that
it needs to be.
♪ It's a cruel. cruel world ♪
Floor crew. we gotta get this
booth back to zero. pronto.
Buenas noches. Mankito.
Hey. Miguel! How are you?
So nice to see you. eh?
Where's Irena?
Irena's not coming tonight.
- She's not coming?
- No.
But you have come
with your friends.
Yes.
Fantastic. amazing.
beautiful surprise for me.
you bring your friends.
I will get you the best table.
I will get you some
glasses of tequila
and some girls to talk to.
Just for company. huh?
Just company. Yeah?
You know...
I know everything
that happens in this town.
Of course you do.
That's why you're
number one. Miguel.
Always number one.
The deposits have all
been on time. yeah?
- We're good?
- Yes.
But you've been targeted. hm?
And. obviously. you know.
we can't have that.
Targeted?
No. I do not think this.
This is a... a random
incident of misfortune.
It will not happen again.
You know. they say LA is. uh...
much safer these days.
Huh?
And we cannot let
a minor incident like this
stop us from getting on
with our life. huh?
Chuy... LA is safe. huh?
Ah. Mankito. you know.
I like working with you.
My father liked
working with you as well.
You know. you've always been.
um... very reliable.
And I have enjoyed watching
you grow to become a man.
But. you know.
if people come for you.
next thing you know.
they think they can come for me.
And that's not good.
So...
It would be much better
for my world.
my father's world
and especially your world
if we never have this
conversation again.
Comprendes?
- Yes. of course.
- Good. Good.
Don't fuck it up. amigo.
Okay?
It's nice to see your club full.
Congratulations.
Is everything okay?
No!
Everything is not okay!
Why you let him come in here
and you not tell me this?
What the fuck is going on. huh?
The fuck is this?
This is bullshit.
I'm gonna need you
to keep your
distance tonight. okay?
No way! I'm your partner.
Look. Look at this.
Look. This...
this is a real gun. okay?
And it's dangerous.
so just stay back...
I brought my own.
- Oh. my God.
- Okay.
All right...
LBJ or Carter?
Hmm.
Hmm?
I'm Reagan.
That should be obvious.
And you. definitely not Nixon.
I... I cannot overemphasize
how serious this is.
so please just...
I'm going with Carter for you.
Jimmy was a hottie.
Okay.
Little hand says
it's time to rock and roll.
I'm being serious.
Just stay back. okay?
Let me just do all
the talking. all right?
Yeah. Sure.
All right. put your hands...
What are you doing?!
Hands up. motherfucker!
You run. you die!
- Take it easy!
- Money! Now!
I'm not the kind of man you rob.
Definitely not twice.
Jesus Christ. shut the fuck up.
Are you serious right now?
Do you want to get shot. huh?
- What are you doing?
- Go. get it. Get the money.
- Right.
- Come on.
- Give me the bag. Come on.
- Take it.
I know it's you.
- I'm gonna shoot him.
- Do not shoot!
- Who do you work for?
- I'm gonna shoot!
- Do not shoot him!
- Who do you work for?!
Fuck!
- Told you!
- Come on. Let's go!
- Okay.
- Let's go!
Jesus Christ. come on!
Are you out of
your fucking mind?!
- I'm not. I'm just...
- Jesus Christ!
- Fuck!
- Whoo!
Oh. God!
Whoo! So close.
Hurry up!
Oh. shit!
- Whoo!
- Come on!
- Okay. he's behind.
- Oh. shit!
Go! Go. go. go. go. go.
go. go. go. go!
Oh. shit!
Shit!
Oh!
Whoo!
God. that was close!
Oh. my God.
That was fucking amazing!
I mean... we were pouncing
like fucking predators.
Every second I felt. like.
more and more alive.
Wait. wait. I need to breathe.
I need to breathe.
- It's okay. He's gone.
- Not right now.
- Oh. God.
- It's fine.
Oh. my God. Mm. okay.
All right. Oh. fuck me.
- Ah... yeah.
- We should get a hotel.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
We can just go to my place.
It's across town.
- No. that's too far.
- No. it's fine.
- It's way too far.
- No. it's fine. it's fine.
- It's not fine. It's not fine.
- No. I know.
If you wanna fuck me. you need
to get a fucking hotel room!
Yeah. Okay.
All these years in this country.
I've never felt afraid.
I came from nothing
to be like a king.
Suddenly. I feel old.
Like I... like I don't belong.
Oh. baby.
Well. I'm just glad you're okay.
It was same guy.
Same fucking guy.
You know?
Twice in one week.
This time. with crazy bitch
woman who shoot at me.
- She shoot at me!
- I know. I know.
I think that you should
try that app
I keep telling you about.
- Meditation?
- Yes.
It's so good. So good for you.
It can bring you balance...
and peace...
and calm.
That's it.
Here. Breathe.
She shoot at me!
- She fucking shoot at me!
- Okay. okay.
- Motherfucking shoot at me!
- Okay.
Whew!
Have you always been an outlaw?
No. I've been a rule-follower
my entire life.
Oh. please.
Rule-followers don't stick up
people at gunpoint.
Yeah.
Can I tell you something
that I'm... not proud of?
You...
can tell me anything.
Well. that's a little
dramatic. but...
We're Bonnie and Clyde now.
We are dramatic.
Well. you see.
that's the thing. I'm...
I'm not really...
not really Clyde.
I mean.
I'm an adjunct professor.
And on the side. I make money
by writing essays for students.
Is it a victimless crime?
I think so.
Is it still a crime?
Uh...
Yeah. apparently it is.
Anyways. um...
one of my clients
ended up being a cop.
At the beginning. it was just
a couple of small gigs.
you know?
Personal statements to help
get his kid into college.
Easy. Scholarship
applications. you know?
As an academic. I could
do that stuff in my sleep.
But then...
I mean. like.
literally out of nowhere.
this... this fucking cop
tells me unless
I rob this guy...
he's gonna lock me up.
I knew it.
You are Johnny Utah.
What? No. that's not what...
Johnny thinks that
he's a cop. right?
But then the second
he gets a taste
of the extreme lifestyle.
he realizes that
this is his true calling.
It's... It's... You're...
Just like you.
I mean. you're meant to do this.
No. I'm literally
telling you that I'm not.
- I mean. I'm trying to...
- Oh. God!
Open up to you about
what's going on in my life.
Why be a servant to the law
when you can...
be its master instead?
- Yo.
- What up?
Your guy got rolled again.
What guy?
The club guy
the Feds told us to watch.
I let 'em know.
What?
I called 'em.
All they did was tell us
he was a person of interest.
Fuck the Feds. We don't...
we don't owe 'em shit.
Look. if this guy's
a big fish...
I want LAPD
to bring him down. all right?
Well. I already
called it in. so...
- Okay.
- Sorry.
Report's on your desk.
Hi. You've
reached Jeff Duncan's cell.
I'm not able to come
to the phone right now.
If you're a student of mine.
please send an email instead
to jeffduncan@LCCC...
Hi. you've reached Jeff...
♪ We can't go on together ♪
♪ With suspicious minds ♪
♪ With
suspicious minds ♪
♪ And we can't build
our dreams ♪
♪ On suspicious minds ♪
♪ Oh. let our love survive ♪
♪ From your eyes... ♪
Hey!
Keep singing. Keep singing.
Don't change the song.
I'm coming back. okay?
This is your idea
of a good place to meet?
This is the perfect place. man.
Why am I here?
I figured you'd give me
your best Hall & Oates
and I'd tell you
I need more money
if we're gonna make this deal.
How much?
The amount I asked for
in the first place.
And I need it now
if you want this guy to bite.
You're insane.
Hey. El Burro's nieces
are in there.
I just got done scoping out
his daughter. and I'm close.
It's worth it.
I'm gonna have to
run it up the flagpole.
I believe in you. Come on.
Hey! Come on.
What about the Hall & Oates?
Come on!
"Private Eyes"? "Rich Girl"?
Pick your poison!
Fucking whack job.
Yeah. love you too.
Ooh!
♪ Caught in a trap ♪
♪ Uh-huh! ♪
♪ I can't walk out ♪
♪ Because I love you
too much. baby... ♪
♪ Why can't you see ♪
♪ What you're doing to me ♪
♪ When you don't believe
a word I say? ♪
Okay. Meditation.
Imagine all the negative energy
in your life.
Why?
Why would you do this?
Picture it
there in front of you.
Okay.
Now...
name the energy.
Name? Name the energy?
Well. fuckin' "Abdul".
Time to let
all the negativity go.
Feel yourself growing lighter
as your breath...
Ah. motherfucker.
Good.
Now we can talk.
No. no...
No.
No!
Oh... Oh. fuck me.
Oh. my God. Fuck.
Oh! Oh. my God.
Oh...
Oh. oh!
- Good morning!
- Oh. shit!
Oh. thank God.
I thought you...
I thought you left.
No. silly. Of course not.
I was just downstairs
at the casino.
Hey. uh. where's all the...
the money?
Well...
life sure has a sick sense
of humor. doesn't it?
I mean. one second I was up
and then I wasn't.
- So...
- Wait.
You're telling me that
you lost all of the money?
Well. I mean.
I bet all of it on red.
but it didn't hit red.
So. ipso facto.
our balance is zero. Yeah.
- Oh. my God!
- Yeah.
But. I mean.
it was a 50/50 chance.
No. it's not a 50/50 chance!
Everybody knows that!
You fucked me.
- Oh. my God.
- It's fine.
- Fuck!
- It's okay.
You need to relax. It's fine.
We can just get more.
We are not getting any more.
Okay. I just...
Fuck me. I just need to...
I need to get home.
Okay. I'll just gather
my things and we can...
No. no. no. no. no.
I need to go home. Alone.
Okay?
But we're a team.
No. No. we're not
a team. Okay?
You lost all of the money.
Oh. my God.
Yeah. but do you realize
how crazy this would have been
if I hadn't lost it. though?
I mean. we'd have double.
Oh...
I'm... I'm such an idiot.
Why would you say that
about yourself?
You are an academic.
Please shut up.
Are you gonna get that?
It's really annoying.
Okay. Oh. my God. Okay.
Thank you. Jesus Christ.
Yeah. hey. uh...
Have you lost your fuckin' mind.
bringing someone else into this?
Who is she?
Look. if you'd just give me
a moment to explain...
I want my fucking money now.
Plus what you skimmed
off the top last time.
Yeah. I... I can't really
do that right now.
Excuse me?
There's just been a. um...
a bit of a...
a bit of a problem. actually.
Yeah. no shit. We had a deal.
You've fucking broken it.
You know. if you could
just give me a few...
Oh. my God. It's just...
Give me a few days and I can...
I'll figure it out. okay?
You have one day
or you're gonna
be somebody's wife... in jail.
Yeah. yeah. No problem.
Okay.
- Hi. Dad.
- Hey. how are ya?
Good. Can we
open presents now?
Yeah. okay.
Let's do this one first. okay?
I'm horny.
Do you wanna fuck with
the masks on? Hmm?
Oh. my God! A phone?
- Yeah!
- Thank you so much!
Hey. we're gonna have to have
some pretty strict ground rules
if we want this to be cool
with your mom. okay?
Now I need a cool case for it.
Yeah. sure. sure.
And also can you help me
download Dress to Impress?
I don't know what that is.
What is that?
And I need to join
the Taylor Swift group chat.
All right. You got it.
Here.
Now. this is going to be for us.
for the future.
Yes.
Gëzuar.
Cheers.
No. No "cheers".
You say "gëzuar".
Gëzuar.
Sorry. Manco. this is
unscheduled. but...
Irena.
I was not expecting you
so early.
We need to go.
Rodriguez wants to see you.
Go where?
We just need to go now.
Please.
What's going on?
We really can't
keep him waiting.
I have a few things I need
to do here and then perhaps...
You don't need to do anything
except just come with me.
And bring your keys
'cause you're driving.
My car is at the shop.
I'll take your car. Okay?
Okay. I'll come with you.
No. alone. Needs to be alone.
- Alone?
- Yes.
No. no. no. No. no.
It's okay.
I have known
these people a long time.
It's going to be fine.
I have my phone.
You call me. okay?
Okay.
We can go.
Spence. if I'm not back
before you close.
you will be driving
Sunny home. yeah?
- Okay?
- Yes.
You've got to stay sober.
you've got to stay sharp.
Keep your fucking nose clean.
Yeah.
What?
Send me the tracker.
All right. I'm on it.
We got a problem. I gotta go.
Hey. don't blow this.
We're getting close.
Don't blow this!
If my guy's dead.
it won't even matter.
Take a left up here.
No.
What are you doing?
You need to tell me
where you take me.
- We're going to see Rodriguez.
- I know this.
You need to tell me
where you take me
and what's going to happen
when we get there.
So you just do what you're told?
You don't ask questions?
Basically. yeah.
We are both smart people.
We can work something out.
Just tell me how much
it's going to cost.
Drive the car.
You should be very careful
where you point this.
I said drive.
Please.
If you shoot.
all of these people.
they wake up.
Many of them call the police.
And you don't have
a getaway car.
I have this car.
This car.
with my body on the wheel
and my blood on the windshield.
So now you will be on foot.
still in possession
of a murder weapon.
Then I just call an Uber
and get out of here.
Yeah.
That driver will absolutely
call the police.
He has a chica in the car
with pieces of brain
stuck in her hair extensions.
And it's not going to matter.
As soon as Rodriguez
knows you've been picked up...
he will have you put to death.
It's not like I want to do this.
I know.
He wants to go to his house
to have a real talk.
away from all the noise
and shit in the club.
Anything else?
These are not extensions.
Please accept
my humble apologies.
You are a very lucky girl.
Take a left here.
It's the one at the top
of the mountain.
- The last house?
- Yeah.
That's a big place.
Yeah.
Just park in the front here.
Hello. Good to see you again.
You good?
It's my phone.
Why do you need my phone?
You give the phone back to me?
Later. hey?
Hello.
Where he is?
He come for a talk. yeah?
Hello.
Mankito.
Cold immersion therapy.
8 degrees - 48 for you.
It's really cold.
Hoo!
They say that
the ancient Greeks started it.
And studies show that
it lowers your stress levels
while also raising
your sense of well being.
So I feel fucking great.
Mankito.
How are you doing?
- Good. good.
- Good.
You have a...
very nice house.
And the art.
it must have cost so much.
Yeah. thank you.
I just. uh... I bought it
from some Google guy.
Please. have a seat.
Do you want to drink something?
No. thank you.
I'm just trying to be
hospitable. hm?
Mi casa es tu casa.
Siempre. Mankito.
Thank you. Chuy.
You ever listen to. um...
the podcasts?
- Podcasts?
- Mmm. mm-hm.
I was listening to one
about tribalism.
If a leader does not understand
the tribes around him.
then he is just
destined to fail.
Chuy... Chuy made
400 grand last year.
400 grand.
And just the other day.
he kicked a man to death.
Blood everywhere. Teeth stuck
to the bottom of his shoes.
And I asked him for it.
That's why he did it.
Because we share
the same greater vision
and he knows
that I want the best
for him and his life
and all that
because he is in my tribe.
Now. you've been cleaning
money for me for many years
and you've made it look easy.
Is it easy?
No.
No. but. uh...
we have the structure in place
to make it happen. so...
So it sounds to me
that it is easy. right?
And if it's so easy. Manco.
then why do you keep
fucking it up?
No. no. we discussed this.
This is... accidents.
Accidents? Hmm.
Accidents.
More than one. Manco.
You know. these accidents.
they are jeopardizing
my success in a bigger.
and. particularly. Manco.
in a more precarious tribe.
Jeopardizing?
No. No. look at this place.
Come on.
Look at where you are.
You are successful. Miguel.
A couple of minor incidents
like this
to jeopardize all you have?
That is... That's crazy.
We are not promised tomorrow
in this line of work. Manco.
and you know this.
I will tell you. I...
You should know.
I am think
to sell the club. hmm?
Eh. you know. with the history
between you and your father
and your tribe.
I promise to you. you can
have first right of refusal
and. um. this is my way
of making things
good between us.
Miguel. you should
just. uh. take it over. Yeah.
You know.
we've had
a long-standing relationship
that has been very profitable.
My father always
spoke fondly of you
and the business that
he helped you build.
It was nice while it lasted.
Mankito. It really was.
But you put
your tribe in danger.
So. therefore. we cannot
do business together again.
No. no. no.
We can work something...
Chuy!
Fuck you. Manco!
Fuck you!
You will pay for this.
motherfucker!
Mankito. you puto!
Bastardo!
Please don't kill me.
Does anyone else
know you're here?
- Your parents?
- No.
Your friends?
Can we trust each other?
Yes.
Get up.
Come here.
You know if you say
anything to anybody...
they will come for you.
Take one of his cars.
He's not gonna need them.
Go home to Rupert.
- Go. go. Go.
- Thank you.
Manco Kapak...
is not available.
At the tone.
please record your message.
Hey.
Um. I'm just...
calling to check in.
When you get this message.
could you just let me know
that you're okay?
I know you're okay.
But if you could just
let me know...
I love you. Bye.
I don't get it.
This guy's usually
like clockwork.
Think he's still inside?
- Why wouldn't he be?
- His car's not here.
Okay.
All right...
Maybe we just
do this another time.
No. no. no. It has
to happen tonight. Okay?
If I don't get this
done tonight.
Slosser's gonna put me in jail.
And you know what? If I
go to jail. you go to jail.
I don't know.
I could just say that you
seduced and manipulated me.
Really?
Mm-hm.
If this guy carries that much
cash out of this place
every single night.
can you imagine
how much he's got in there?
Oh!
- Oh. my God.
- Yes!
- I saw that expression.
- Get that...
- I know what you're thinking.
- Just put the gun away.
Please stop pointing it at me.
Yes! I told you we'd get
more money.
Let's do it.
It's okay.
You can wait outside.
I need to set the alarm.
You know. when I first heard
about selling the club.
Manco didn't even want
to talk about it with me.
Manco would just go. "Yeah.
You'll be taken care of."
And he will.
But he's not here anymore.
I know. I know.
And I'm worried too.
But he's gonna be okay.
He always is.
No. No. no. Sunny.
No. no. no. no...
He's not coming back.
You know what these people
are capable of? Huh?
And they're not gonna
stop with him. no.
Anyone who's involved.
there's a fucking bad hombre
in a black car with a list
and my fucking name's on it.
- And this was just supposed...
- Okay. enough!
Spence. you need
to calm down. You're high.
Get out of here. Go home.
You know. I've been loyal
to him for ten fuckin' years.
And just 'cause
you're fucking him
doesn't mean that you
get to tell me what to do.
How about you
give me that money?
Yeah. Yeah.
No. You don't need to do this.
This is... this is not you.
We're gonna take care of you.
You don't have to worry
about that. You're...
You're family to us.
Come on. You...
Let's just...
let's just forget this. okay?
Hey. hey. hey!
No!
Get up. get up. get up.
You're okay. You're not hurt.
You're okay.
Get off the floor. Get up!
- Okay? Okay. okay.
- Okay.
You just take a...
Shh. shh. shh.
You're fine.
Okay. just take... Yeah?
- You're fine. You're fine.
- Just calm down.
Just take a fucking seat.
- I'm on the chair.
- No. no. no. the tape.
Where's the tape?
Here. here. here.
Fucking tape
your fucking hands up.
- Fucking to the arms...
- Okay!
- Arms of the fucking chair!
- Okay.
Fuckin'. come on. come on!
All right. hurry.
Hurry. hurry. hurry!
Around. around!
- Yeah. move. Faster.
- Okay.
Give it to me. Give it to me.
Fucking give it...
Don't you fuckin'...
Don't fucking talk to me.
Don't talk to me!
Fuck! God. Look at this!
Oh! Come on. come on.
This is mine. mine.
This is mine. This is mine.
Just keep it cool.
I just gotta
take care of myself.
I just gotta look after myself.
just gotta look after myself.
Just keep it cool...
Hello. ladies
and gentlemen. Hello. Hi.
We are the ex-Presidents.
and we need just
a few minutes of your time.
What are you doing?
On the floor. assholes! Now!
Oh. Jesus Christ.
They're fucking here.
I fucking told you!
Oh. what the fuck is that?
Fuck!
Oh-ho. fuck!
Right. let's go!
Where's the fuckin' gun?
Fuck. the burn... Oh!
Hands up. motherfuckers!
What did you do?
What did you do?!
No. Oh... oh. no.
Holy shit.
Oh. my God.
Come on!
Shit! Fuck. fuck. fuck.
He shot first.
- He shot first.
- Fuck!
He shot first.
It was self-defense.
Okay.
Come on!
Look at me. Look at me!
If we don't get out of here.
it's gonna get
much fucking worse.
Come on!
Come on! Go!
Fuck! Come on!
I didn't...
I didn't mean to.
- I didn't...
- Shit!
Get in. Get in.
Fuck.
We are so fucked!
I didn't mean...
I didn't mean to hurt anybody.
I just thought
we could have some fun.
Shh! Stop.
I just need to...
I need to think. okay?
Fuck. fuck. fuck!
It was self-defense.
- He would've shot... I mean...
- Just stop talking.
I only shot
because he shot me...
Shh! We are so fucked.
We are so fucked!
Oh. my God.
Just put the money away.
Fuck this.
What are you doing?
Stop doing that! Stop!
Please stop! Please stop!
- It's blood money.
- Please stop!
- We can't have this.
- Give me the bag!
- No!
- Just stop!
Stop! Stop!
Stop! Just...
God. fucking stop!
Give me the fucking money!
What the fuck is wrong
with you? Stop it!
God...
Hey. Jeff. come on.
We gotta go.
Wake up.
Jeff. wake up.
Okay. come on. Okay...
Vaya con Dios.
You're fine to go.
Do you have anyone
who can pick you up?
I have to take this.
Are you okay?
I'm home.
I'm so happy to hear your voice.
- Where are you?
- I'm... I'm still at the club.
The club? Why?
Everything okay?
No. not really.
- You have people there?
- Yes.
But you are okay?
I...
Yes.
You can leave?
- Yep.
- Good.
You remember airport
for small plane?
Alpha-Aguadulce Canyon. yeah?
Yeah. You get Spence
to bring you to me there.
- We have to leave.
- Okay.
We go right now.
I see you there.
Okay. I'm coming.
Carver.
What are you talking about?
Slow down. Slow down.
Thank you.
Thanks.
My baby.
Everything's going to be okay.
- Where's Spence?
- Hey.
He's. uh...
He...
- What?
- He. uh...
Can... can we talk
about this later?
I'll explain everything.
- Where are we going?
- We are going to go north.
- We go to Vancouver.
- Canada?
Well. we don't want
to go to Mexico.
So we will go north. Vancouver.
We can fly from there
to anywhere in the world.
- Okay.
- Anywhere you want to go.
- Okay? Come on.
We need to talk.
We have a plane to catch.
There was a shooting
at your club
and you suddenly
have to leave town?
Timing's a little
convenient. isn't it?
- Shooting?
- Uh. yeah.
Move. Inside.
Inside.
What's in the bag?
Things for travel.
Open it.
Open the fuckin' bag.
I knew it. There's always more
with you people. isn't there?
Seems like somebody's
trying to skip town.
We just need
to get on the plane.
Yeah.
Not with that.
Put the fuckin' bag
on the ground.
Go on.
Put the fuckin' bag
on the ground!
Just take the money
and let us go.
I will take the money.
thank you very much.
But I can't let you go.
I'm sorry.
Turn around. Face the wall.
Come on.
Face the fucking wall!
FBI! Put the weapon down!
I'm LAPD. These are suspects.
Yeah. I know who the fuck
you are. Detective Slosser.
Okay. you know me?
Who the fuck are you?
I've been communicating
with your chief
for the last six months
for assistance
in a multi-state
Federal operation.
When I told your department
to follow Mr Kapak
as a person of interest.
I specified no contact.
Now. if you put
your weapon down.
I need to have a few words
with Mr Kapak.
This is my jurisdiction. okay?
This is not the way
someone in your position
should play this.
What the fuck
is that supposed to mean?
Early this morning.
LAPD picked up a young woman
walking down Laurel Canyon.
He threatened
my boyfriend. who was...
a brilliant educator...
not a criminal.
He said that he would
kill our families
if we didn't rob this...
this club guy.
I was robbed by a random girl
and her teacher boyfriend?
Dead teacher boyfriend.
And it wasn't random.
It was under
someone else's orders.
He was a cop named Slosser.
Detective Slosser.
There's a bunch of texts
and phone calls.
After you were named
as a person of interest.
this guy started watching
your every move.
saw you as an easy target.
Am I missing anything. Slosser?
Okay.
Okay. all right.
You're not leaving me
much choice here.
Just so you know.
there's a dozen federal agents
on their way here.
Looks like you're done. Fed.
It's okay.
Are you okay?
I'm okay.
What's gonna happen?
I do not know.
Just don't say anything
that you don't need to say.
Do you recognize this man?
No.
Santiago Benedito.
otherwise known as El Burro.
the head of the Tijuana cartel
and Rodriguez's boss.
You know Rodriguez. right?
This is California.
Everybody knows
somebody called Rodriguez.
Relax. We didn't set up the
operation to come after you.
What exactly
do you want from me?
Just your club.
Just the club?
For nothing?
You know. it could be
dangerous for you.
These people. they. uh...
might want revenge.
Revenge for what?
Oh. the Rodriguez guy
you may or may not know?
It wasn't you who took him out.
so there's nothing
to worry about.
Let's try not to judge
the situation. Mr Kapak.
I've been known to throw
rocks at glass houses
every now and then myself.
What does that mean?
It's okay.
Rumor has it there's gonna be
a story in the Times tomorrow
about a disgraced LAPD detective
who can be placed
at Rodriguez's home
right before
it went up in flames.
It's probably something
to do with how he later
took his own life because
he couldn't handle the guilt.
And you are serious?
As a heart attack.
Now...
this transfers the title
of the club to new ownership.
Someone you can trust to
look after things. of course.
Me.
I'll salvage the relationship
with whoever replaces Rodriguez
and get back
to business as usual.
and then I will build a case
based on their finances.
You launder money.
you don't pay your taxes...
It's the oldest trick
in the book.
It's how we got Capone.
Or you can stay here
and you can try your luck
with El Burro.
Oh. and the cartel.
It's a pleasure
doing business with you.
If I were you.
I wouldn't come back
to LA any time soon.
We can just go?
You can just go.
Wait!
You're gonna need this.
Have you guys ever seen
the movie Point Break?
Keanu Reeves. Patrick Swayze.
Young Gary Busey is really good.
It's. like. my favorite movie.
The remake blows. though.
Don't waste your time.
I know Teresa's in it. but...
she's the only
good part. really.
So do you guys surf?
Captions produced by
Access Media Pty Ltd
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm